This is great news,
Mr. President,
and it couldn't have come
at a better time.
Now you're sure
to be re-elected.
- I don't know about that.
- Huh?
I'm not the real hero
of this story.
Look closer.
Huh?
Sonic!
Aah!
If we don't act fast, sir,
they'll elect Sonic president.
I'll have to find myself
a real job.
[Growls]
We got to do something
right away!
Now, now.
Let's not overreact about this.
Just stay calm.
Think, think.
There must be something
we can do.
Ahh, that's it!
I know!
Hmm?
It's a brilliant idea!
We'll host a black-tie
charity ball
in celebration
of our recent victory!
Yes, but what does
a victory celebration do
to solve our Sonic problem?
We're going to make Sonic
the guest of honor.
We'll invite the media,
get in a couple of photo ops,
that kind of thing.
It'll be in all the papers, all
over the cable-news talk shows.
The president and Sonic.
The dynamic duo
battling together
against the forces
of oppression.
Once the voters see that you
and Sonic are buddies,
your approval rating
will go through the roof.
There's no way you can lose.
Your re-election will be
a sure thing.
I'll have the staff get started.
We'll make sure all
the television reporters
get personal invitations
to the free buffet tent.
[Sighs]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Hey, Sonic,
a letter came for you.
Hmm?
Aah!
It's from the president!
"You are cordially invited
to a black-tie charity ball."
Sounds interesting.
It's addressed to Sonic,
but it says right there
he can bring as many friends
as he wants.
Well, then, in that case,
I say we dust off our best
party duds and make it a date.
- Yeah!
I bet they'll serve lots
of yummy food there.
I'm getting hungry
just thinking about it.
Ahh.
Me too.
I'm back.
Hey, Sonic.
Guess what?
You won't believe it.
The president's giving a party,
and you're invited.
- I am?
- Mm-hmm.
And all of us get to go, too.
It'll be fun.
When is this party?
On Thursday.
Can't make it.
Why can't you?
I promised Helen we'd hang out.
Helen? You mean the girl
in my class?
Yeah, that's the one.
She's a friend of mine.
I didn't know that.
I met her over at the lake.
Oh?
Hi, there.
Thank you.
You're Sonic, aren't you?
You've heard of me?
- Of course.
- That's pretty cool.
- What's your name?
- Helen.
Pleasure to meet ya.
I come out here a lot.
I love to look at that island.
- That one over there?
- Mm-hmm.
My father says it's filled with
the most beautiful flowers.
All different kinds.
He always promises
he'll take me there.
But he's always busy.
Don't worry.
I'm sure he'll take you there
one of these days.
I don't know.
My dad doesn't seem to ever
have enough time for me.
I'd go myself, but...
You really want to see
that island, Helen?
Of course I do.
Then I'm gonna take ya.
Ah!
I promised.
Oh, I got a lot of work to do.
Hey, Chuck.
I need some
life jackets and a boat.
Check over in the storage room.
Okay! Now, if everything
goes according to plan,
Sonic should be
arriving any minute.
Then we'll have him meet the
big guy and watch them go crazy.
- He's here.
- Aah! It's time.
WOMAN:
Say cheese.
Here's our guest of honor.
Huh?
Hey, where's Sonic?
Not coming.
What?!
To the party!
- Yay!
Yeah, well, if Sonic's not
showing up to this clambake,
I'm gettin' outta here.
The station better
pay for my parking.
Aah!
Please don't go yet.
Sonic will be here any minute,
I promise.
Why don't you hang out
at the buffet table awhile?
Please?
Hey, don't stand there.
Go and find Sonic
and bring him over here pronto.
- Yes, sir.
[Mambo music plays]
- [Door opens]
- Huh?
This is official
government business.
We need Sonic immediately.
Who you think you are
barging into this house?
You Mr. Big Shot,
Too-Important-to-Knock, huh?
Well, too bad.
Sonic's not here.
You better not be
hiding him, ma'am.
Don't tell me what not to do,
big shot.
Now get out!
I got my cleaning.
That's it!
All right, we're searching
the whole place.
Tanaka!
Don't get in our way, buddy.
Stand back, Ella.
This time it is my turn
to clean out the house.
Haa!
Ugh!
Ohh!
What do you mean, he's not home?
Next time I take your advice,
don't let me.
I'm gonna get Sonic here,
if it's the last thing I do.
Connect me to defense.
Mr. Secretary, sir,
we have an emergency.
We need to fully mobilize
all troops.
Get me Sonic!
He's ruining my party!
Request has been entered, sir.
All systems go.
Beginning search.
This won't be easy.
Our target moves
at 700 miles per hour.
Stay alert.
Target spotted.
Yeah, where?
S-13 district.
Target is moving north
at approximately
400 miles per hour.
Just don't lose sight of him.
We lost sight of him.
Well, you better find him
in a hurry.
Sure is noisy up there.
You stay here.
I'll go get the boat, okay?
Now, then.
Freshly squeezed juice anyone?
Hey!
Running low on hors d'oeuvres.
They better find
that hedgehog fast.
I think I just spotted him.
It is him.
We've located Sonic
up at the Thorndyke residence.
Down there.
- Okay, you know what to do.
- All right.
Hmm.
Aah!
We almost had him, sir.
Now he's traveling north
on the freeway.
This is getting on my nerves.
Might as well grab some lunch.
We'll never catch him anyway.
What do you mean,
he's off the freeway?
What's that?
The lake?
I'm back.
- You ready?
- Mm-hmm.
- When is he gonna be here?
- Is he coming or isn't he?
Now, fellas, I assure you
Sonic is on the way.
How about a little salami?
Just a little bit farther.
I'm so excited.
I've dreamed of seeing
this island for so long, Sonic.
I wish my father
could have come with me.
If only he didn't
have to work so hard.
We could be together more.
Listen, Doug, you've been
working a lot of hours lately.
I could hire someone part time
to make it easier.
No need to, sir.
I don't mind the hard work.
- Plus, I need the hours.
- All right, they're yours.
You can count on me, sir.
Almost there.
Ah!
Aah!
Ehh!
Who are they?
Aah!
- Aah!
Ehh!
All right.
Let's pull that baby ashore.
Helen, are you okay?
Mm-hmm.
I'm fine.
Good.
Hang on tight, okay?
Whoa!
- Uh!
- Aah!
- Whoa!
Well, we almost made it.
Whoa!
Don't cry, Helen.
You're all right now.
[Laughing]
Hmm?
Sorry. It's just that...
Well, I feel so alive.
I never thought somebody like me
could have such an adventure.
Hmm.
Huh?
These guys just don't give up,
do they?
Helen, are you up
for another adventure?
- Of course.
- All right!
The target appears to have
left the forest, commander.
Good. We'll be waiting
on the other side.
Quick! Send a squadron
out there now!
[Sobbing]
This is boring.
Wonder what Sonic's doing.
I really do love my mom and dad.
They're so good to me.
That's why they work so hard.
So that I can have
everything I need.
They make sure I have the best
doctors, the best medicine.
Even this wheelchair must have
cost them a lot of money.
There's only one thing I want
more than anything, though.
And that's to spend more time
with them and have more fun.
But I had lots of fun today,
Sonic.
I've never been so excited
in my whole life.
I have a feeling we're both in
for a little more excitement.
Huh?
I'm ready if you are.
- Okay.
- Go!
Think we can beat them?
A piece of cake.
Now, hold on tight.
Aah!
Whoa!
Thought you'd catch me, did ya?
Sonic, up ahead!
Whoa!
Aah!
Here they come!
- Ready?
- Here goes.
- Aah!
- Ohh!
What happened?
[Both laugh]
- Oh!
Dad was right, Sonic.
They're the prettiest flowers
anywhere.
I'll pick some for ya, Helen.
Don't!
Leave them just as they are.
I want to come back someday
with my mother and father.
I get it.
That way it'll be
just as beautiful.
Huh?
These guys just don't quit!
We can't let them up here.
If we do, they'll ruin
all the flowers.
Not if I can help it.
Hey!
Over here!
There he is.
Those guys are faster
than I thought.
Aah!
Bummer.
Huh?
- Aah!
MAN: All right, Sonic.
Let's go.
You're wanted by the president.
And don't pull any funny stuff.
I'll go, but you gotta catch me.
All right, you asked for it.
Fire!
- Hey!
- SONIC: Call me.
Whoa!
Can you fly this thing?
I usually leave the flying
to Tails, but I'll sure try.
- Uhh!
Hey, I almost forgot something.
Ah!
Sonic, the flowers!
Ahh!
Well, I guess our
adventure's over, Sonic.
Guess so.
Did you have fun?
Sure did.
It's getting late.
I should take you home.
But, Sonic, aren't you supposed
to go see the president?
That guy can wait.
But I'd feel awful if you didn't
get to see him because of me.
Please go see him.
I'll even go with you.
Since you put it that way.
What's that?
He did?
The what?
The chopper?
What now?
Aah!
- Huh?
It's Sonic.
He came after all.
He's here!
He's really here!
Great to finally meet you,
Sonic.
Hmm.
Now, hold that right there.
Hurry, hurry.
Reporters, photographers.
This is the moment
you've been waiting for.
[Snoring]
Aah!
[Laughter]
HELEN:
So there we were,
in the middle of all these
beautiful flowers.
All of a sudden,
we looked down and saw
the men climbing toward us.
Before I knew
what was happening,
Sonic and I were roaring
into the forest
and the men were following us on
these strange flying bicycles.
But we were way ahead of them.
And then we came to a cliff,
looking way down over the ocean.
Then this helicopter came
so they could take Sonic
to the president.
And they shot off this rope
with a claw on the end.
But Sonic grabbed me, and...
Mama, could I...
I don't think I've ever
seen you eat like this.
Now, hold on, honey.
I'm gonna get a refill, too.
With a story as fascinating as
this, I'm gonna need my energy.
Hurry back, Dad.
And I'll tell you
about the helicopter.
Sonic grabbed me
out of my wheelchair,
and he carried me
all the way up the rope.
All right, all right.
Our little girl's
had quite the adventure.
Do you hear?
She's so changed.
She sounds so happy.
I just want to be there for her.
Spend more time with her.
[Crying]
Yeah, I've been working
too many hours lately.
I haven't spent enough time
with the family.
Let's plan a day-trip
to that island Helen loves.
What do you say?
Mom, Dad.
What's taking you so long?
We're coming, honey.
Sorry, dear.
Your father and I were having
an important discussion.
I'm coming to the most
exciting part.
So, anyway, we got
into the helicopter.
A helicopter.
I've never been in one.
And you flew it all the way
to the president's house.
No fair, Dad.
You're ruining my story.